my name is Kara brown and the production
coordinator I handle the office setting
up how the crew will walk into and find
what they need making it pretty
efficient and accessible I also
coordinate like runs and getting the
equipment that we need and pretty much
facilitating it all to happen I'm the
assistant production coordinator I help
care with I guess all stuff well office
and when we need to get stuff for people
on set the equipment expendables
mussolini's food stuff that we sometimes
have to get pick up the slack when I can
tell the crew needs a little pick-me-up
and a little visit for me i will go down
with my kisses there's smiles all over
the set the first day is getting to know
our actors their preferences on how
their makeup this Don how your hair is
done so there's a lot of those friends
always my fault always my fault so the
first day is always the most hectic
because especially if you're dealing
with crew that doesn't know each other
and crew that doesn't know the stage I
have to show them where everything is
and how we do things and get things for
them and we're going running around so
it's my job as the coordinator to be
like let me show you welcome you to your
new home
we're getting a length of five
be nice to your coordinator and I will
get you anything and everything that you
need and then fastest way possible and
now I have to take a call production
kara speaking